Add example of usage of unit multiplier and measurement unit (#67)
vtex-apps/product-price: docs/README.md

},
```

> Example using some variables to render unit multiplier and measurement unit only on products that have it:

Reviewer: I think we should make it clear that it only works for `product-selling-price`

Author: Good idea!

},
```

> Example of using some variables in the `product-selling-price` block to render unit multiplier and measurement unit only on products that have it:
> 
> ```json
> {
>   "product-selling-price": {
>     "props": {
>       "message": "{sellingPriceValue}{hasMeasurementUnit, select, true { / {hasUnitMultiplier, select, true {{unitMultiplier}} false {}} {measurementUnit}} false {}}"
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```
> 
> On products that have measurement unit and unit multiplier, it will render something like:
> 
> > $24.00 / 2 oz
> 
> On products that doesn't, it will render only the price:
> 
> > $24.00

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `product-selling-price`'s `sellingPriceValue`, `hasMeasurementUnit`, `unitMultiplier`, and `measurementUnit` variables together to render unit measurement and multiplier on products that are sold per unit. 

For example:

json
{
  "product-selling-price": {
    "props": {
      "message": "{sellingPriceValue}{hasMeasurementUnit, select, true { / {hasUnitMultiplier, select, true {{unitMultiplier}} false {}} {measurementUnit}} false {}}"
    }
  }
}

According to the example above, products sold per unit would be rendered as follows:

$24.00 / 2 oz

> ℹ️ *Notice that the unit measurement and multiplier would be properly rendered alongside their price*

Still, according to the example, products that are not sold per unit would render only their price:

$24.00
```

Reviewer 2: I was not able to submit my comment using ``` to wrap the code and the price examples ($24.00 / 2 oz and $24.00). Please, commit your changes using them anyways hehe

Reviewer 2: Also, could you please add this new piece of info in the 3rd step, below the `product-selling-price` topic? :))

| `hasUnitMultiplier` | `boolean` | Whether the product has a unit multiplier different than 1 (`true`) or not (`false`). |
| `unitMultiplier` | `string` | Value of the unit multiplier. |

You can use the `product-selling-price`'s `sellingPriceValue`, `hasMeasurementUnit`, `unitMultiplier`, and `measurementUnit` variables together to render measurement unit and unit multiplier on products that have it.

For example:

```json
{
  "product-selling-price": {
    "props": {

>       "message": "{sellingPriceValue}{hasMeasurementUnit, select, true { / {hasUnitMultiplier, select, true {{unitMultiplier}} false {}} {measurementUnit}} false {}}"

Author: ```suggestion
      "message": "{sellingPriceWithUnitMultiplier}{hasMeasurementUnit, select, true { / {hasUnitMultiplier, select, true {{unitMultiplier}} false {}} {measurementUnit}} false {}}"
```
